 "A good idea is a good idea forever"
,"You should call ahead"
,"The point is you talk the talk, but do not walk the walk, vis-a-vis you've not yet passed your forklift driver's test"
,"Professionalism is... ...and that is what I want"
,"You will never work in a place like this again. It's brilliant. Fact."
,"Sometimes the complaints will be false"
,"Next stop drunkenness"
,"Trust. Encouragement. Reward. Loyalty. Satisfaction."
,"You just have to accept that some days you are the pigeon, and some days you are the statue"
,"When people say to me: would you rather be thought of as a funny man or a great boss? My answer's always the same, to me, they're not mutually exclusive."
,"A problem shared is a problem halved, so is your problem really yours or just half of someone else's?"
,"Avoid employing unlucky people. Throw half of the pile of resumes in the bin without reading them"
,"I thought I could see the light at the end of the tunnel but it was just some bastard with a torch bringing me more work"
,"If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence that you ever tried"
,"You have to be 100% behind someone before you can stab them in the back"
,"If you can keep your head when all around you have lost theirs, then you probably haven't understood the seriousness of the situation"
,"Never do today that which will become someone else's responsibility tomorrow"
,"Remember that age and treachery will always triumph over youth and ability"
,"Statistics are like a lamp post to a drunken man, more for leaning on than illumination"
,"There may be no 'I' in team but there's a 'ME' if you look hard enough"
,"What does a squirrel do in the summer? It buries nuts. Why? Cos then in winter-time he's got something to eat and he won't die. So, collecting nuts in the summer is worthwhile work. Every task you do at work think, would a squirrel do that? Think squirrels. Think nuts."
,"Who's to say that hiring staff won't save money in the long run?"
,"Pound for pound there's more sugar in a lemon than a strawberry"
,"The glory years"
